
h1. FlexMVCS

FlexMVCS is an application framework for developing Flex functionality. This is a modification of the excellent "PureMVC":http://www.puremvc.org framework to resolve some perceived problems with the existing PureMVC design.

FlexMVCS was designed and implemented by "Ali Mills":http://www.alimills.com and "Luke Bayes":http://www.lukebayes.com of "Pattern Park, Inc.":http://www.patternpark.com and was entirely funded and generously contributed to the community by "Bunchball, Inc":http://www.bunchball.com.

This build differs from PureMVC in the following ways:

* Removed unnecessary use of Singletons.
* Added IService as a first-class participant and member of IFacade.
* Created asynchronous commands that trigger events when complete.
* Added composite command that facilitates synchronous and asynchronous command chaining with support for arbitrary composition depth.
* Added MXML Facade definitions. Application Facades can be defined using MXML instead of only ActionScript.
* Added support for Modular Flex applications, including composite Facades for each loaded module.

This project can be compiled in a variety of ways.

If you have MXMLC in your class path, download AsUnit ActionScript 3 library (http://www.asunit.org), place it in lib/asunit3 and run the following command:

mxmlc -default-size 1000 550 -output=bin/FlexMVCSRunner.swf -source-path+=src -source-path+=assets -source-path+=lib/puremvc -source-path+=test -source-path+=lib/asunit3 -verbose-stacktraces=true -warnings=true src/FlexMVCSRunner.mxml

If you would like a better compilation environment, download and install Ruby and RubyGems and run the following commands from the main project directory:

gem install rake
rake test

This second approach uses Project Sprouts (http://www.projectsprouts.org), an open source project from Luke Bayes.
